Hi, I'm Leroy Vincent.
I'm the technology, art and shop
specialist here at River
Valley Middle School.
So we run a five day a week,
hot lunch program that students
are the only ones who do it.
And it's, it's a mentorship program.
So when we when I started it,
when I came in from engineering,
all I kept hearing was how the student
teacher ratio was too high.
It was 26 to 1, 28 to 1.
So I set up a mentorship
program started in grade six.
All kids would learn cooking, food,
safety, entrepreneurship,
how to do budgeting,
how to do spreadsheets,
how to keep inventory,
how to recycle inventory,
how to incorporate food safety
into the into the, program
and what the students would do is
they would mentor other students.
So instead of a 26 to 1 ratio,
we went from probably,
you know, sometimes five, five mentors
plus a teacher.
So it would be, you know,
six teachers in the room
bringing kids from all grade levels.
And then they'd all take part in the
in the hot lunch program.
Some students, for whatever the reason,
may not be able to afford lunch.
We kind of focus on a lot of them doing
the cooking, but no kid would go hungry.
And the idea of it is it's
not a moneymaker, it's to break even.
So the kids learned how to do a budget
that's part of the grade six thing.
Grade six program.
They do Excel spreadsheets.
They got to research what
all the ingredients are, what they cost,
and what like rate down
to a slice of pizza.
How much of that would be profit
and how much of it would be a loss?
So some some lunches lose purpose,
they lose and some lunches make.
But the idea at the end of the week
it's a break even.
So all kids just pay.
What they're paying for
is exactly what it cost to make it.
And it's all made by students.
There's
I mean, I'm here, but it's all students.